I teach the way I would like to
learn from teaching what I like
to learn and go to everybody
his art the staff of the prison sector
that you want to condition the boat is
joy I think I can divide right
what would we do not split
that with the people we learn
Why does God give us a tone?
I see it as a gift
if I can not share tomorrow, never
More here than it did for me.
Even though I want to take my
I work for the people, right?
they may also work to earn
money in case as I started today is
only work craftsman takes care of the house of the
my daughters for a craftsman were people
patati is called andré bandeiras I am
Here to bring you some of the
world of cloth dolls and I intend to
teach you to pass what I
I would like to learn the way I
I would like to learn
so what I work with things
so simple I work with a base
on the same basis transforms it into
Other things did not bring you here.
here a simple little flower can
You tired of the bunny he's going to turn
a doll face
He's going to turn Santa.
to win a mommy if a little flower is
a simple example becomes
various souvenirs for various dates
festive you have to work the year
whole with her, right?
and then also a doll so well people
simple is that you can change the
If you have little legs, you have several
doll types also with the unique
Body you have several kinds of things.
There are works here for you to see.
she knows here she is called
pieces
this little doll people she releases
Caroline, she releases her arms.
She lets go of her legs, you take her
That's when she'll become a bunny.
It's near Easter, we're an idea.
super cool, we'll put it here
the little old girls we put
the little arm we put the guy finds
that we have a doll totally
different from the same base that is
Seeing this is simple why I
I 'll tell you, you have a tram with
this same blog you make her
so several dolls for you to have yes
in different tones, but the
different than today that the child
even looking for that is in the car for
put on your head to change your leg
enjoy teaching arm left arm
right leg left leg right and
this is it people